Update README.md (#75)
vaadin/vaadin-gradle-plugin: README.md

example project.

1. Clone the Base Starter Gradle project and open it in Intellij

> 2. Create a `settings.gradle` file containing the following line: `includeBuild("/home/mavi/work/vaadin/vaadin-gradle-plugin")`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a `settings.gradle` file containing the following line: `includeBuild("/path/to/your/plugin/project/vaadin-gradle-plugin")`
```

Just a random idea how to improve the docs here, not related to the patch itself.

Author: Thanks, done :+1:
